as our adventurers gave this treacherous
land in search of the prize box there if
there's anything up here oh but it's in
there a mushroom oh very good oh oh my
god though it's a wild wild box that I
didn't place there nor quick transition
all right let's go and get the image bro
and this is the lucky buck smart boy
price box while boy be called the box 5
well ? like but it's a sista box don't
making it awkward come on so you can add
to craft this no I think that just
spoils the whole point of it being
crafted but you know boo max judge but
don't like said to can craft it pretty
easy all you need is a dropper and then
Goulding it's crap itself the dropper
just like so yeah sure it's really
simple then that'll give you one with
Fox at jay kordich prize box in the
intro don't know why I keep thinking
it's going out it's not going to I
you're fine so the way this works you
need to be in surround something just go
ahead admit that little thing there yeah
special let me get this one also so much
now sooo course certainly do it is these
actually do swim rambling the very
unconvincing intro but the outside do I
had to friend this random much but um I
don't know what the spawn rate of these
I but I've locked around all this area
and I can't see another one so I'm going
to really look it so I had to just flew
up here you know chichi crib but up
whatever so I need to do is just break
this little bit real easy and then you
can get yourself no I got to got a
sponge god damn it but yeah let's print
good way to get one but I got a diamond
pick and the sama sort in same 11 when I
tried it before but um it varies very
much so so I guess can get really unlike
it all very very okay let me try again
wait what is this that's so wrapping for
I got an emerald block but I don't have
anything to breaking so if you in
survival and you're pretty screwed
because you like I want that goddamn and
I want death and then you like the birds
bits over here it's in my cave be like
yeah
so I'm gonna actually go back into
survival not creative I'll spawn more
these look bucks but man that little
Tampa Bay trailas come on spoilers if
you subscribe if you're not scrap
subscribe now love you forever I will
you will be loved so I'll go back and
travel and then we'll see what we get
out of all these so I'll just put a
bunch and then we'll have a bit of bits
fun with these will try and get
something really really awesome I'm just
doing this because it's very short mod
and yeah so dragon in the pool but it's
probably because i'm awesome another of
your mouth oh my god has ever happened
hello I'm gonna call you Roger Roger but
it's called wookie cow you can't call
him Raj its broad ja Lord ja hey move up
for that let's go again oh my god got a
bunch of wood tools then it's pretty
cool but what is useless I here would
never craft would but you have this yet
storm judaa this is annoying me there we
go which much better let's go again and
I guess if you if you and build
incredible no enchantment table that'll
be useful and chest that's pretty good
because you need what do you need to
crapper a lot of obsidian such that's
pretty cool likes it I don't think oh my
god I don't actually know what that's
really weird because they aligned maybe
it's just that certain mine yeah like
say I don't know what the spawn rate
these is so you know the sum of the
stuff i say i'm getting all this black
amazing loot it might be really Ritter
that's a fun okay Rutgers over me let's
go again I ways that a dragon egg why
would I would turn on the dragon egg
i dunno know its going dark this is
really annoying me I'm sorry but it is
holy shiz in a book it literally I kind
of want to keep doing this this is
awesome just look at this holy Sh what
she's it's the best mod ever say oh
there we go i got a bunch of a diamond
stuff but then I'm gonna let you guys
check out what else you can get in the
things that one spoke too much download
it in the link scription below but if
dad the video mehmeti club unsubscribe
if you're already not and i'll see you
guys next time say goodbye Roger boy